samples: bluetooth: fast_pair: locator_tag: Rework ipc_radio configs (#16950)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The values for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option in all configurations, and for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option in configurations with the Find My Device Network (FMDN) extension support.
    The values are now aligned with the Fast Pair requirements.

* :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag` sample:

>   * Split the :ref:`ipc_radio` image configuration into the debug and release configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the :ref:`ipc_radio` image configuration by splitting it into the debug and release configurations.
```
just to align with the release notes wording

>  * Updated the :ref:`ipc_radio` image configuration by splitting it into the debug and release configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the :ref:`ipc_radio` image configuration by splitting it into the debug and release configurations.
```
I think during the update one space got removed, this should fix the render
